Feature/updates (#59)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/blocks-component-structure.md

### components
Components folder holds three files, `heading-options.js`, `heading-editor.js`, and `heading-toolbars.js`. They are used the same way as in blocks to provide functionality based on the location used. The main difference in components is that these files are used inside other blocks to implement functionality from the component.

### docs
Docs folder contains everything that a component needs to be run inside the Storybook. This part is optional. But it will speed up your development time and provide you with the much needed documentation.

> - `story.js` - this is and Storybook entrypoint for your component. As components are not block you must provide the mocked data for you component in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `story.js` - Storybook entrypoint for your component. As components are not blocks you must provide the mocked data for you component in this file.
```

> - `readme.mdx` - this is and readme document that describes your component and provides the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `readme.mdx` - readme that describes your component and provides the documentation.
```
